HDFC ELSS - Tax Saver Fund Direct Plan | NAV, Returns & Portfolio | HDFC Mutual Fund

HDFC ELSS - Tax Saver Fund
Tax Saver
DIRECT
REGULAR

About HDFC ELSS - Tax Saver Fund
An Open-ended Equity Linked Savings Scheme with a statutory lock in of 3 years and tax benefit.

This is a simple and performing scheme which is eligible for distribution by new cadre of distributors.

The scheme offers the dual benefit of tax saving and wealth creation. It comes with a lock-in period of three years and provides individuals/HUFs a deduction from gross total income for investments in Equity-Linked Savings Scheme upto ₹1.5 lakh under section 80C of the Income Tax Act 1961.

The fund invests 80-100% of its portfolio in equity or equity related instruments. The equity strategy aims to provide long term capital appreciation from a reasonably diversified portfolio consisting of mid cap and large cap companies which:
- are likely to achieve above average growth than the industry,
- enjoy distinct competitive advantages,
- have superior financial strengths.

Returns since inception: 14.27%
Inception Date: 01/01/2013
Riskometer: Very High
Min SIP: ₹ 500
Ideal for: Wealth Creation 3 Years and above

Entry Load: Currently, Mutual Funds in India do not levy entry loads.

Total Expense Ratio (TER): 1.19%
The Total Expense Ratio (TER) represents the costs for running and managing a Mutual Fund scheme. It is calculated as a percentage of the scheme's average Net Asset Value (NAV).

Lock in: 3 years
A lock-in period is the fixed duration during which investors cannot sell or redeem their investments/Mutual Fund units. For example, Equity Linked Savings Schemes (ELSS) Funds have a 3-year lock-in.

AUM (31/08/2026): ₹15,991.78 Cr.
Assets Under Management (AUM) is the total market value of all assets that a Mutual Fund manages on behalf of its investors.

Benchmark: NIFTY 500 Total Returns Index
A benchmark is a standard market index used to compare a Fund's performance.

Fund Managers:
Amar Kalkundrikar - Fund Manager - Equities (Investments)
OVERSEAS: Mr. Dhruv Muchhal - Equity Analyst and Fund Manager for Overseas Investments

Portfolio Allocation & Top Holdings As on 31 Jul 2026

Exit Load: NIL

Product Labelling: Benchmark Riskometer
Product Suitability: This product is suitable for investors who are seeking:
- to generate long-term capital appreciation/income
- investment predominantly of equity and equity related instruments

FAQs:
1. How to Invest in HDFC ELSS Tax Saver? Investors can apply for their transactions requests either offline or electronically using the relevant application / transaction request forms available on our website or at any of our Officials Points of Acceptance.
2. Can I invest in SIP and Lump Sum of the HDFC ELSS Tax Saver? Yes, SIP as well as Lump Sum investments are permitted with the minimum application amount being ₹500. Any additional purchase must have a minimum amount of ₹500. The SIP and Lumpsum are available in direct and regular plan with both Growth and IDCW option.
3. How to Redeem HDFC ELSS Tax Saver? Units of the scheme can be redeemed/switched out on any Business day at NAV based prices.

Source: https://www.hdfcfund.com/explore/mutual-funds/hdfc-elss-tax-saver-fund/direct
Retrieved from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20260908145953/https://www.hdfcfund.com/explore/mutual-funds/hdfc-elss-tax-saver-fund/direct
