HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund Direct Growth - NAV, Portfolio and Performance | HDFC Mutual Funds

HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund
Hybrid
DIRECT
REGULAR

An open ended Balanced Advantage Fund.

This Fund aims to provide long term capital appreciation/income from a mix of equity and debt investments.

Different asset classes exhibit different risk-return profile and relatively low correlation to each other as compared to investments within the same asset class. The fund manager will determine asset allocation between equity and debt depending on prevailing market and economic conditions.

The debt-equity mix at any point of time will be a function of interest rates, equity valuations, medium to long term outlook of the asset classes and risk management, etc.

Returns since inception: 15.49%
Inception Date: 01/01/2013
Riskometer: Very High
Min SIP: ₹ 100
Ideal for: Wealth Creation 3 Years and above

Entry Load: Currently, Mutual Funds in India do not levy entry loads.

Total Expense Ratio (TER): 0.76%
The Total Expense Ratio (TER) represents the costs for running and managing a Mutual Fund scheme. It is calculated as a percentage of the scheme's average Net Asset Value (NAV).

Lock in: NA
A lock-in period is the fixed duration during which investors cannot sell or redeem their investments/Mutual Fund units.

AUM (31/12/2025): ₹108,205.06 Cr.
Assets Under Management (AUM) is the total market value of all assets that a Mutual Fund manages on behalf of its investors.

Benchmark: NIFTY 50 Hybrid Composite Debt 50:50 Index
A benchmark is a standard market index used to compare a Fund's performance.

Fund Managers:
Mr. Srinivasan Ramamurthy - Senior Fund Manager - Equities
Mr. Gopal Agrawal - Senior Fund Manager - Equity
Mr. Anil Bamboli - Senior Fund Manager - Fixed Income
Mr. Arun Agarwal - Senior Fund Manager
Nandita Menezes - Fund Manager and Dealer - Equities
OVERSEAS: Mr. Dhruv Muchhal - Equity Analyst and Fund Manager for Overseas Investments

Top 10 Holdings As on 31 Dec 2025

Exit Load:
In respect of each purchase/switch-in of Units, 15% of the units ("the limit") may be redeemed without any exit load from the date of allotment.
Any redemption in excess of the limit shall be subject to the following exit load:
- Exit load of 1.00% is payable if Units are redeemed/switched-out within 1 year from the date of allotment of units.
- No Exit Load is payable if Units are redeemed/switched-out after 1 year from the date of allotment.
- No Entry/Exit Load shall be levied on bonus units and units allotted on dividend reinvestment.

Product Labelling: Benchmark Riskometer
This product is suitable for investors who are seeking:
- to generate long-term capital appreciation/income
- investments in a mix of equity and debt instruments

FAQs:
Can I invest in SIP and Lump Sum of HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund? Yes, SIP as well as Lump Sum investments are permitted with the minimum application amount being ₹100. Any additional purchase must have a minimum amount of ₹100.
How to Invest in HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund? Investors can apply for their transactions requests either offline or electronically using the relevant application / transaction request forms available on our website or at any of our Officials Points of Acceptance.
How to Redeem HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund? Units of the scheme can be redeemed/switched out on any Business day at NAV based prices.

Source: https://www.hdfcfund.com/explore/mutual-funds/hdfc-balanced-advantage-fund/direct
Retrieved from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20260131101631/https://www.hdfcfund.com/explore/mutual-funds/hdfc-balanced-advantage-fund/direct
